docs: update documentation under tutorials (#19804)
electron/electron: docs/tutorial/security.md

## Chromium Security Issues and Upgrades

> Electron is now up to date with the latest chromium release. For more information,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Electron keeps up to date with the latest stable Chromium release. For more information,
```

see the [Electron blog](https://electronjs.org/blog/12-week-cadence).

We are interested in hearing more about specific use cases from the people that 
build things on top of Electron. Pull requests and contributions supporting this

> effort are always very welcome.

Reviewer: Is this paragraph necessary anymore?

Author: We can ✂️it, sure!

## Chromium Security Issues and Upgrades

> Electron keeps up to date with the latest stable Chromium release. For more information,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Electron keeps up to date with alternating Chromium releases. For more information,
```

Reviewer: I should have probably reread the blog post before suggesting changes 😅

> see the [Electron blog](https://electronjs.org/blog/12-week-cadence).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
see the [Electron Release Cadence blog post](https://electronjs.org/blog/12-week-cadence).
```
